and Joseph went and told Pharaoh my
and Joseph went and told Pharaoh my father and my brothers their flocks and
father and my brothers their flocks and
father and my brothers their flocks and their herds and all that they possess
their herds and all that they possess
their herds and all that they possess have come from the land of Canaan and
have come from the land of Canaan and
have come from the land of Canaan and indeed they are in the land of Goshen
indeed they are in the land of Goshen
indeed they are in the land of Goshen and he took five men from among his
and he took five men from among his
and he took five men from among his brothers and presented them to Pharaoh
brothers and presented them to Pharaoh
brothers and presented them to Pharaoh and Pharaoh said to his brothers what is
and Pharaoh said to his brothers what is
and Pharaoh said to his brothers what is your occupation your servants are
your occupation your servants are
your occupation your servants are shepherds both we and also our fathers
shepherds both we and also our fathers
shepherds both we and also our fathers we have come to dwell in the land
we have come to dwell in the land
we have come to dwell in the land because your servants have no pasture
because your servants have no pasture
because your servants have no pasture for their flocks for the famine is
for their flocks for the famine is
for their flocks for the famine is severe in the land of Canaan
severe in the land of Canaan
severe in the land of Canaan now therefore please let your servants
now therefore please let your servants
now therefore please let your servants dwell in the land of Goshen and Pharaoh
dwell in the land of Goshen and Pharaoh
dwell in the land of Goshen and Pharaoh spoke to Joseph your father and your
spoke to Joseph your father and your
spoke to Joseph your father and your brothers have come to you the land of
brothers have come to you the land of
brothers have come to you the land of Egypt is before you have your father and
Egypt is before you have your father and
Egypt is before you have your father and brothers dwell in the best of the land
brothers dwell in the best of the land
brothers dwell in the best of the land let them dwell in the land of Goshen and
let them dwell in the land of Goshen and
let them dwell in the land of Goshen and if you know any competent men among them
if you know any competent men among them
if you know any competent men among them then make them chief herdsmen over my
then make them chief herdsmen over my
then make them chief herdsmen over my livestock and Joseph brought in his
livestock and Joseph brought in his
livestock and Joseph brought in his father Jacob and set him before Pharaoh
father Jacob and set him before Pharaoh
father Jacob and set him before Pharaoh and Jacob blessed Pharaoh Pharaoh said
and Jacob blessed Pharaoh Pharaoh said
and Jacob blessed Pharaoh Pharaoh said to Jacob how old are you the days of the
to Jacob how old are you the days of the
to Jacob how old are you the days of the years of my pilgrimage are 130 years few
years of my pilgrimage are 130 years few
years of my pilgrimage are 130 years few and evil have been the days of the years
and evil have been the days of the years
and evil have been the days of the years of my life and they have not attained to
of my life and they have not attained to
of my life and they have not attained to the days of the years of the life of my
the days of the years of the life of my
the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage
fathers in the days of their pilgrimage
fathers in the days of their pilgrimage so Jacob blessed Pharaoh and went out
so Jacob blessed Pharaoh and went out
so Jacob blessed Pharaoh and went out from before Pharaoh and Joseph situated
from before Pharaoh and Joseph situated
from before Pharaoh and Joseph situated his father and his brothers and gave
his father and his brothers and gave
his father and his brothers and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt
them a possession in the land of Egypt
them a possession in the land of Egypt in the best of the land in the land of
in the best of the land in the land of
in the best of the land in the land of Rameses as Pharaoh had commanded
Rameses as Pharaoh had commanded
Rameses as Pharaoh had commanded then Joseph provided his father his
then Joseph provided his father his
then Joseph provided his father his brothers and all his father's household
brothers and all his father's household
brothers and all his father's household with bread according to the number in
with bread according to the number in
with bread according to the number in their families now there was no bread in
their families now there was no bread in
their families now there was no bread in all the land for the famine was very
all the land for the famine was very
all the land for the famine was very severe
severe
severe so but the land of Egypt in the land of
so but the land of Egypt in the land of
so but the land of Egypt in the land of Canaan languished because of the famine
Canaan languished because of the famine
Canaan languished because of the famine and Joseph gathered up all the money
and Joseph gathered up all the money
and Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt and
that was found in the land of Egypt and
that was found in the land of Egypt and in the land of Canaan for the grain
in the land of Canaan for the grain
in the land of Canaan for the grain which they bought and Joseph brought the
which they bought and Joseph brought the
which they bought and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house so when the
money into Pharaoh's house so when the
money into Pharaoh's house so when the money failed in the land of Egypt and in
money failed in the land of Egypt and in
money failed in the land of Egypt and in the land of Canaan all the Egyptians
the land of Canaan all the Egyptians
the land of Canaan all the Egyptians came to Joseph give us bread for why
came to Joseph give us bread for why
came to Joseph give us bread for why should we die in your presence for the
should we die in your presence for the
should we die in your presence for the money has failed give your livestock
money has failed give your livestock
money has failed give your livestock when I will give you bread for your
when I will give you bread for your
when I will give you bread for your livestock if the money is gone
livestock if the money is gone
livestock if the money is gone so they brought their livestock to
so they brought their livestock to
so they brought their livestock to Joseph and Joseph gave them bread in
Joseph and Joseph gave them bread in
Joseph and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for the horses the flocks the
exchange for the horses the flocks the
exchange for the horses the flocks the cattle of the herds and for the donkeys
cattle of the herds and for the donkeys
cattle of the herds and for the donkeys thus he fed them with bread in exchange
thus he fed them with bread in exchange
thus he fed them with bread in exchange for all their livestock that year when
for all their livestock that year when
for all their livestock that year when that year had ended they came to him the
that year had ended they came to him the
that year had ended they came to him the next year and said to him we will not
next year and said to him we will not
next year and said to him we will not hide from my Lord that our money is gone
hide from my Lord that our money is gone
hide from my Lord that our money is gone my lord also has our herds of livestock
my lord also has our herds of livestock
my lord also has our herds of livestock there is nothing left in the sight of my
there is nothing left in the sight of my
there is nothing left in the sight of my lord but our bodies and our lands why
lord but our bodies and our lands why
lord but our bodies and our lands why should we die before your eyes both we
should we die before your eyes both we
should we die before your eyes both we and our land by us and our land for
and our land by us and our land for
and our land by us and our land for bread and we and our land will be
bread and we and our land will be
bread and we and our land will be servants of Pharaoh give us seed that we
servants of Pharaoh give us seed that we
servants of Pharaoh give us seed that we may live and not die that the land may
may live and not die that the land may
may live and not die that the land may not be desolate when Joseph bought all
not be desolate when Joseph bought all
not be desolate when Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh for every
the land of Egypt for Pharaoh for every
the land of Egypt for Pharaoh for every man of the Egyptians sold his field
man of the Egyptians sold his field
man of the Egyptians sold his field because the famine was severe upon them
because the famine was severe upon them
because the famine was severe upon them so the land became pharaoh's and as for
so the land became pharaoh's and as for
so the land became pharaoh's and as for the people he moved them into the cities
the people he moved them into the cities
the people he moved them into the cities from one end of the borders of Egypt to
from one end of the borders of Egypt to
from one end of the borders of Egypt to the other end only the land of the
the other end only the land of the
the other end only the land of the priests he did not die for the priests
priests he did not die for the priests
priests he did not die for the priests had rations allotted to them by Pharaoh
had rations allotted to them by Pharaoh
had rations allotted to them by Pharaoh and they ate their rations which Pharaoh
and they ate their rations which Pharaoh
and they ate their rations which Pharaoh gave them therefore they did not sell
gave them therefore they did not sell
gave them therefore they did not sell their lands and Joseph said to the
their lands and Joseph said to the
their lands and Joseph said to the people indeed I have bought you and your
people indeed I have bought you and your
people indeed I have bought you and your land this day for Pharaoh look here is
land this day for Pharaoh look here is
land this day for Pharaoh look here is seed for you and you shall sow the land
seed for you and you shall sow the land
seed for you and you shall sow the land and it shall come to pass in the harvest
and it shall come to pass in the harvest
and it shall come to pass in the harvest that you shall give one-fifth to Pharaoh
that you shall give one-fifth to Pharaoh
that you shall give one-fifth to Pharaoh 4/5 shall be your own seed for the field
4/5 shall be your own seed for the field
4/5 shall be your own seed for the field and for your food for those of your
and for your food for those of your
and for your food for those of your households and it's food for your little
households and it's food for your little
households and it's food for your little ones
ones
ones you've saved our lives let us find favor
you've saved our lives let us find favor
you've saved our lives let us find favor in the sight of my Lord and we will be
in the sight of my Lord and we will be
in the sight of my Lord and we will be Pharaoh servants and Joseph made it a
Pharaoh servants and Joseph made it a
Pharaoh servants and Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt to this day
law over the land of Egypt to this day
law over the land of Egypt to this day but Pharaoh should have one-fifth except
but Pharaoh should have one-fifth except
but Pharaoh should have one-fifth except for the land of the priests only which
for the land of the priests only which
for the land of the priests only which did not become Pharaoh's so Israel dwelt
did not become Pharaoh's so Israel dwelt
did not become Pharaoh's so Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt in the country of
in the land of Egypt in the country of
in the land of Egypt in the country of Goshen and they had possessions there
Goshen and they had possessions there
Goshen and they had possessions there and grew and multiplied exceedingly and
and grew and multiplied exceedingly and
and grew and multiplied exceedingly and Jacob lived in the land of Egypt 17
Jacob lived in the land of Egypt 17
Jacob lived in the land of Egypt 17 years so the length of Jacob's life was
years so the length of Jacob's life was
years so the length of Jacob's life was 147 years when the time drew near that
147 years when the time drew near that
147 years when the time drew near that Israel must die he called his son Joseph
Israel must die he called his son Joseph
Israel must die he called his son Joseph now if I have found favor in your sight
now if I have found favor in your sight
now if I have found favor in your sight please put your hand under my thigh and
please put your hand under my thigh and
please put your hand under my thigh and deal kindly and truly with me please do
deal kindly and truly with me please do
deal kindly and truly with me please do not bury me in Egypt but let me lie with
not bury me in Egypt but let me lie with
not bury me in Egypt but let me lie with my fathers we shall carry me out of
my fathers we shall carry me out of
my fathers we shall carry me out of Egypt and bury me in their burial place
Egypt and bury me in their burial place
Egypt and bury me in their burial place I will do as you have said swear to me
I will do as you have said swear to me
I will do as you have said swear to me and he swore to him so Israel bowed
and he swore to him so Israel bowed
and he swore to him so Israel bowed himself on the head of the bed
himself on the head of the bed
himself on the head of the bed [Music]